that I had in my career or the U. S s life. You had a sore I was the simmering
surface warfare officer belong to. And we were on their way
in the Barents Sea. Wave over a bridge one and Celeste rupture. It
ruptured right at a point where, in the latest X ray, he's way had what
was noticed as some microscopic tears in the fire in your heart
of massive tire. Sorry. Entire phone booth. Well, I was not very comfortable
doing that because we had to go into the dry dock in Yakuza
and replace the solar. So we were off line for a mission for out, uh,
85 days try to get the sword. Don't out. Out. You know what replaced
they're doing is action, and they're trying to figure out who's
responsible. S o. I was all time in my career. Points only I can tell
you is I had er well documented Tear in Seoul are noted everywhere,
and I see said, Well, there happened where you know Ben 11th noticed.
Noted it in the logs. So therefore, you know, active God, it's that
I couldn't wash it. It's wrong. Drum me out of it, said it was all
my fault. But since sized at the foresight to look at it, notice
it and say, Hey, it wasn't prepared in the previous upgrade. You know,
I got lucky on that road, so I knew I knew the strengths, weaknesses,
threats to my foot.